hi it's Ruby and today I'm going to be
telling you all of the books that I read
in your life this month I managed to
read seven books which is actually quite
a lot less than usual for me especially
considering that it's two summer
holidays so the first book that I read
is miracles from heaven by cracky bean
and I watched the film of this a few
months ago and it's one of my favorite
films of all time I think it's such an
inspiring story and I think anyone that
read the book or watch the film or watch
the trailer for the film knows for this
to be the case it's an autobiography
Christie Dean's daughter Ellen was
diagnosed with a digestive terminal
illness however after falling from a
tree ala was healed it's very accessible
it's not very difficult the second book
that I read is night by Annie feasel
this is another which I oversee these
are was an inmate oh and it's him
recounting his experiences it's
completely and ugly harrowing but I
think it's the kind of thing that we all
have to make ourselves read because
these people had to suffer through it
and the very that we can do is hear
their stories and try and spread the
word it's distressing but it's beautiful
the next book is kenderson writes by a
scott Fitzgerald obviously Fitzgerald
wrote The Great Gatsby which is the book
that I'm studying for my a level and so
I thought that it would be useful if I
read yet another book of Fitzgerald's as
a point of comparison this is about a
couple and the color and it and it's
really just about the relationship I
can't really say very much about
spoiling it the next book is one that
I've heard so much about and everybody
has been talking about it since it came
out which is everything everything by
Nicole Hugh for those of you who don't
know I'm just going to give a very brief
synopsis it's about an 18 year old girl
called Marie who suffers from a rare
illness which means that she's allergic
to the world so she currently her house
it's about her falling in love with the
boy next door one of my favorite things
about this novel is that money is a
massive book club and it's a fantastic
to read about characters who you can
relate with humans are also very
cleverly
a little blog post and Google searches
really this has made for very engaging
piece of literature a year and a half
ago I found the video where I talked
about all of the books that I read and
surgery in that month I read many books
from the klique series by Lucy
Harrison's when I was in year 7 I was in
fact rated the district series I don't
know why I even liked it so much but
since then occasionally I decide to pick
up these novels and whilst I was away I
decided to read perhaps the shortest one
in the series which is the mercy summer
collection novel and really this is just
for nostalgic purposes
I don't really gain anything from the
literature sometimes I read books to
help us out in a recollection of the
time which I read it if I make sense the
next book is a long runway by Sebastian
Barry which is actually one of the books
that I was asked to read for my English
summer reading this is about the First
World War I read a few books on the
possible and this is actually the best
one in my opinion when it comes to
reaching the right nations because a lot
of the novels that I've read seem to
generalize soldiers and these in the way
that I read them
however the reader really gets to know
we've done one of my favorite things
about this book is actually the
reference to mothers which appears
throughout it's almost a motif and it
talks about how the raising of these
children by the mothers when almost a
waste
very highlights just how much care each
mother put into raising her child who
would then slaughtered out at war the
very last book that I read is like by
Jay Asher I should also rate 13 reasons
why a novel which contrary to popular
culture I wasn't actually too big a fan
of I think it's the writing style but I
can't even tell you what it is about the
writing to tell the writers like I
thought every one of his other novels
ago it is a conventional teenage love
story the main issue for me is that it
was quite shallow in the sense of not
very much happened the trials that the
protagonist faced was that great however
her love interest did have some pretty
severe problems but I feel that a very
word adequately express so thank you so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed I
hope that you are able to use this video
to add some more books to your own
reading list remember that I do have a
Goodreads account
you can find this if you search Ruby
Granger or lower gage so thank you again
and have productive week